docs: cdc related updates (#109)
neo4j/docs-kafka-connector: modules/ROOT/pages/source/best-practices.adoc

With `SKIP`, changes to the same entity may be processed out of order, which can cause issues if your downstream consumers depend on the order of operations (for example, a creation followed by an update or deletion).
Only use `SKIP` when your data model and consumers tolerate this.
====

[#source-cdc-cursor-recovery]
== CDC cursor recovery

The CDC source connector stores the Neo4j CDC change identifier in source connector memory while it is running.

> If the database invalidates CDC change identifiers, the connector can keep retrying with a change identifier that the database can no longer resolve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the CDC source connector tracks CDC change identifier in Kafka Connect managed offset storage, it also keeps the offset in memory while it is up and running.
If the database invalidates CDC change identifiers, the connector can keep retrying with a change identifier that the database can no longer resolve and will eventually fail, which needs to be recovered manually.
```

CDC change identifiers can become invalid after database operations that change data outside the transaction layer, such as restoring a backup, restoring from a snapshot, copying the database, importing data through CLI commands, or pausing and resuming a Neo4j Aura database.

> They can also become unusable when the transaction log no longer contains the transaction referenced by the stored change identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can also become invalid when the transaction log gets truncated and no longer contains the transaction referenced by the stored change identifier.
```

For the underlying CDC behavior and error codes, see link:{page-canonical-root}/cdc/current/known-issues/[Change Data Capture > Known Issues] and link:{page-canonical-root}/cdc/current/troubleshooting/[Change Data Capture > Troubleshooting].

Pausing and resuming a Neo4j Aura database can disable CDC by resetting txLogEnrichment to OFF. After resuming an Aura database,
verify that CDC is enabled before restarting the source connector. If CDC is disabled, re-enable it using the Enable CDC on Neo4j
Aura instructions, then restart the source connector so it can establish a valid CDC change identifier.

To recover, restart the source connector so it can establish a new valid CDC change identifier from its configured initial offset.

The `neo4j.start-from` setting controls the initial offset used when the source connector starts:

`NOW`::
Start from the current end of the CDC stream.
This skips changes between the invalidated offset and the restart point, but resumes ingestion from a valid change identifier.

`EARLIEST`::
Start from the earliest CDC change identifier that is still available for the database.

> When CDC has been enabled continuously, this resumes consumption from the change identifier created when CDC started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When CDC has been enabled continuously, this resumes consumption from the earliest transaction that has not been truncated by the database.
```
